---
title: CPSC581 (Human Computer Interaction II) Project 2, Arduino
tags: Human-Computer-Interaction Arduino
---
We created a posture detection machine with Arduino to solve one of the everyday problem.


<!--more-->
---

## Skills:
* Arduino
* Sensory Input


# Introduction
We made "Posture Fixation" machine with Arduino and Grove Ultrasound range finder. 



The basic functionally is that it measures the distance between the user and the machine and if the user gets closer than they previously set as "correct posture", it turns on a red LED light to indicate that user has become "incorrect posture"


# Sketches
## Initial Sketches
I tried to think about the everyday problem that we can solve it with the given sensors. I tried to use the storyboard method to sketch since this includes human interaction.

(insert sketches)

## Refined Sketches
After getting feedback for our initial sketches, we decided that fixing posture was simple enough but useful to implement ourselves. We thought about how to indicate whether the user is in the correct posture or not. Also, we discussed quite a bit on where the sensor should be.


(insert sketches)

# Conclusion
After discussing how the orientation of the sensors with the board should be, we decided to have it on the table. We are indicating whether the user is out of correct posture using a red LED light. We decided to use the red LED light instead of other sensors because we felt that this would annoy users less than the buzzer which consistently makes a loud noise. We also thought that the sound sensor reminded us about  Wall-E, so we made the machine looked similar to it.

(Insert a picture)

[Github Repository](https://github.com/dennis-duong/581_P2_Arduino)

[Demo Video](https://youtu.be/82eqsRsUluU)