---
title: CPSC581 (Human Computer Interaction II) Project 3, Fashion Technology
tags: Human-Computer-Interaction Arudino Fashion-Technology
---
We created a blazer which lights up the stars when you pad your sholder.

<!--more-->
---

# Introduction
In this assignment, we had to create a fashion technology. Our group made a blazer that lights up stars when you pat yourself on the back. We thought this would help to raising self-esteem and something to keep track of the number of the goals or achievements. 

# Sketches
## Initial Sketches
When I was drawing the initial sketches, I focused on what would be nice to have instead of what is possible. For example, I have a hat/cap which shows the emotion or feeling that you currently feeling. I know that it is not possible with the current sensors input and outputs that we have, but I thought it would be really cool to have something like that.

(Insert Sketches)

## Refined Sketches
We ended up going with the idea of "Achievement Clothes", where stars light up when you "pat yourself on the back". Our group decided that this would be possible to implement in given time while having a good story behind it.

When I was drawing refined sketch, I focused on the location and the patterns of the stars on the clothes rather than the method to interact with the clothes. 

(Insert Sketches)

# Conclusion
We end up making a blazer that lights up the stars when you pat yourself on the back. Our group discussed a lot on what clothes should be put the stars on. Some of the options were, blazer, sash, and medal. We decided to go with the blazer because we wanted something like military blazer which goes well with the idea that we were going for. We decided to have 7 stars because we thought that 7 achievements per time would be a good number to track and also does not overwhelm the blazer.

Each time when you pat yourself on the left shoulder, a star on your chest lights up. When you reach 7 stars, you can pat the same place to reset the stars. The color of the stars are random and LED lights randomly flickers to have "twinkle" effect on the stars.

[Github Repository](https://github.com/dennis-duong/581_P3_Fashion_Tech)

[Demo Video](https://youtu.be/D-KSMKeMvzA)