---
title: Sweety Home
tags: Human-Computer-Interaction Arduino CPSC599 TUI
---
I made a slipper that heats and lights up when another pair is worn.

<!--more-->

---

# Introduction
## Abstract
When I think of the concept of “hygge” I think of:

* Connection
* Home
* Warmth
* Sharing as well
  * Spending time with others you want

I wanted to make something that warms you up and the others, something that you can be worn at home and gives the presence to another person that they are being together.

I made slippers which heat and light up when both pairs are worn at the same time. I used DIY heaters and force sensors. DIY heater is just pieces of foil connected together (picture in visual section). The heat is produced by the current running through the resistance of the foil. It is under a piece of paper and does not contact feet directly to prevent electrocuting the user. The DIY pressure sensor is made from conductive foam. There conductivity of the foam changes when the pressure is applied to the foam and it detects the change of the amount of the current flow in the circuit. I made 2 slippers to demonstrate that both of the pressure sensors have to be activated in order for the LEDs and heater to activate.

The possible application for this project is when you are at home and the person that you want to feel hygge with just came back, you can get an indication by LEDs that the other person just came home. You can also warm them up physically by heater activating as well as welcoming them. Since the heater on your slippers will be activating, it will also warm you up.

# Sketches
## Inital Sketches
(Insert Sketches)

## Circuit Schematics
(Insert Schematics)
# Conclusion
## Visual of Final Product
(Insert Photos)

[Demo Video](https://youtu.be/mq1OENraD0Q)
## Final Product
[Github Repository](https://github.com/hanum-lee/Tangible-Interface/tree/master/FInal%20Project)
## References
* [DIY Pressure Sensor with Conductive foam](https://www.instructables.com/id/How-to-Make-a-Ridiculously-Cheap-Analog-Pressure-S/)
* [DIY Pressure Sensor with aluminum foil](https://blog.yavilevich.com/2017/10/40-cent-diy-pressure-sensor-based-on-a-capacitive-principle/)